README.md, before:

# dcrDeploymentTemplate
Author: Cameron Borgal

Date: 6/18/2024

Version: 0.1


Welcome to the Azure DCR Deployment Template Builder

The motivation behind the project is to enable quick DCR deployments for Cribl Stream to send data to the desired Sentinel/Log Analytic tables (that are suported by the Azure Log Ingestion API).

Things to note:
1. 'Tables' refer to the list of tables supported by the Log Ingestion API only. (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/logs-ingestion-api-overview#supported-tables)
2. The script is interactive. You can add/remove tables from your selection, then build the template. You can also just create a deployment template for each supported table (take a look at templates/)
3. You can only have a max of 10 tables per template
4. This script dynamically builds the required columns and data types from MSFTs documentation. If MSFT decides to change the schema of a table or add/remove tables supported by the Log Ingestion API, simply rerun the script to build a new template.

How to use:
1. Run the python script. The following packages are used: requests, BeautifulSoup, json, sys, os, deepcopy
2. Follow the prompts.
3. DCR Deployment templates will be created in a new directory called 'templates'

Version 0.1 Release Notes
* Initial release

Commit message:

If table containing the schema does not exist in the docs page (e.g., Asim* at the moment), script throws an IndexError. Added try;catch for this. Also updated the SecurityEvent table, but left the existing Asim templates alone while Microsoft updates their docs.

README.md, after:

# dcrDeploymentTemplate
Author: Cameron Borgal

Version: 0.2
Date: 7/31/2024

Updated changes made to the SecurityEvent table.
Fixed an issue where if the table schema page doesn't contain the actual schema table, the script catches the error and skips the table


Version: 0.1
Date: 6/18/2024

Welcome to the Azure DCR Deployment Template Builder

The motivation behind the project is to enable quick DCR deployments for Cribl Stream to send data to the desired Sentinel/Log Analytic tables (that are suported by the Azure Log Ingestion API).

Things to note:
1. 'Tables' refer to the list of tables supported by the Log Ingestion API only. (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/logs-ingestion-api-overview#supported-tables)
2. The script is interactive. You can add/remove tables from your selection, then build the template. You can also just create a deployment template for each supported table (take a look at templates/)
3. You can only have a max of 10 tables per template
4. This script dynamically builds the required columns and data types from MSFTs documentation. If MSFT decides to change the schema of a table or add/remove tables supported by the Log Ingestion API, simply rerun the script to build a new template.

How to use:
1. Run the python script. The following packages are used: requests, BeautifulSoup, json, sys, os, deepcopy
2. Follow the prompts.
3. DCR Deployment templates will be created in a new directory called 'templates'

Version 0.1 Release Notes
* Initial release
